c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Reference Fixer.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Reference Fixer.pdb
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Reference Fixer.dll.manifest
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Reference Fixer.vsto
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Word.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.v4.0.Framework.xml
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Tools.Applications.Runtime.xml
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.xml
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Word.xml
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Office.Tools.Common.v4.0.Utilities.xml
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference_Fixer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference_Fixer.Ribbon.resources
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference Fixer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference Fixer.dll
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference Fixer.pdb
c:\users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference_Fixer.frmMain.resources
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
C:\Users\micher03\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\micher03\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Reference Fixer\Reference Fixer\obj\Debug\Reference Fixer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
